Add XML Autogeneration and Example ConfigKnobShimLib (#93)
microsoft/mu_feature_config: SetupDataPkg/Docs/PlatformIntegration/PlatformIntegrationSteps.md

build plugin will create the `Generated` directory if it does not exist.

The platform must define `MU_SCHEMA_DIR` and `MU_SCHEMA_FILE_NAME` in PlatformBuild.py. These are the directory
containing the XML configuration file and the file name of the XML configuration file, respectively. These are split
apart to allow the CI build to discover a test schema to validate this process.

A platform configuration consumer then includes `<Generated/ConfigClientGenerated.h>` and uses the autogenerated
specific getter functions to access config knob data.

The platform implemented ConfigKnobShimLib must implement `get_knob_value`, the prototype of which is in
`ConfigServiceGenerated.h`. ConfigKnobShimLib has the decision whether to return the autogenerated profile defaults
or to fetch overrides to these from other locations, such as variable storage. Furthermore, the platform
ConfigKnobShimLib can choose whether to implement config services as a library, linked to each module or as a callout
via PPI/Protocol to one Config Manager that maintains all platform data in one location.

## Configuration App Code Integration

> 1. Ensure all submodules for the platform are based on the latest Project Mu version (e.g. "202108")

Reviewer: Since we are updating the document, maybe it should suggest the latest release as well. 
(e.g. "202108")
```suggestion
1. Ensure all submodules for the platform are based on the latest Project Mu version (e.g. "release/202208")

```
